Exceptional staff, attentive to all your needs. Spa Treatement was very relaxing and massage therapist provided additional stretching exercises. Gym and steam room nice to have in the hotel, personal training if you wish. Room was very clean and quiet. Such a beautiful ambience in this hotel, very calming, beautiful foyer where you can relax and have drinks. I believe the hotel website does not do the place justice. Take time to explore the hotel, its stunning Skønt hotel i hjertet af London, med masser af stil og karakter. Lidt forvirrende lobby i samtalekøkken-stil, men behagelig betjening og flot standard over hele linjen. Virkelig god morgenbuffet, i meget flotte omgivelser. Anbefales! The hotel is a stone's throw from Liverpool Street Station. We were able to check in early and were welcomed with a Nespresso coffee and biscuits. Our room was quiet, simply and stylishly decorated with a large desk , free minibar (non alcoholic drinks) and large bathroom with powerful shower. Any toiletries you have forgotten are supplied free of charge which proved very helpful! The breakfast is excellent with plenty of choice from the buffet or made to order at your request. It is great to be so close to Brick Lane, Spitalfields and Columbia Road markets. My first Andaz experience and it did not disappoint. Design is trendy, but minimalistic (in a good way), which I enjoyed. Awesome location situated on top of Liverpool station with easy Tube access to wherever you need to go in London. Rooms are simple, but in a good, sophisticated way. A highlight many people may not realize is that everything in the non alcoholic minibar is free of charge and they will restock it everyday. Came well loaded with soft drinks, juices, water (still and sparkling), milk and a some light snacks. Service was fantastic throughout my stay. Arrived super early in the morning (around 6am) and while the room was (understandably) not ready, the associate took me down to the gym & spa where I could take a shower and use the gym. Called down for a few items and it was brought up promptly within 5 minutes, and checkout was quick and efficient. The gym is not big but perfectly functional. It's in a former Egyptian temple with some of the original design still in place, so pretty cool use of the space! Incidentally, they also have a Masonic temple which is now used as a meeting space. If it's not used, the hotel associates will happily show it to you upon request Breakfast in 1901 restaurant is buffet style and while not the biggest spread I've seen, everything was high quality and service was very attentive. Also loved the Andaz concept of small bites & drinks in the lobby in the evening - executed flawlessly by this property. All in all, a very good east London hotel that manages to be hip & trendy, while also simple and functional for both business & leisure travellers Avons été comblés par l’accueil, l’attention du personnel. Hôtel d'ambiance feutrée, très disign, la chambre était parfaite à tout point de vue L'architecture intérieure de l'hôtel et la décoration nous ont comblé... Le petit déjeuné était à la hauteur de l'établissement dans un cadre magnifique The standard of rooms are akin to a 3* Hotel at best. Tired fixtures and fittings and a layout that would struggle to compete on a like for like basis with a Travel-lodge (see photos). No attempt by any staff to help/offer to take bags to the room during check-in, which itself proved painful when trying to communicate with the individual concerned. 5 attempts to clearly articulate my name, spelling it out phonetically. Great location if on business in the city. That's all I can say positively about it. At £300+ a night for a basic room, appalling value. The Andaz was formerly the Great Eastern Hotel. Located across from Liverpool Street Station in London, it is a lovely choice of hotel for those wishing to stay in the financial business district of London (called "the City"). The staff were warm and friendly and the restaurant options very nice indeed; especially breakfast at 1901 ( a really wonderful space, by the way). Well worth a stay! I stayed at the Andaz for several nights while on a business trip. This hotel is situated within a historic property adjacent to Liverpool St. Station, close to the financial district and close to many restaurants and shops (e.g. Old Spitalfields Market). There aren't many other hotels to choose from in the area. The reception was staffed by good looking, courteous people. I arrived very early in the morning, left my luggage and was told that I could do some sightseeing in the area and they would send an email once my room was ready. I never did receive such an email, but went back just before noon to find my room available. It was small, but nicely appointed and comfortable. Desk space a little tight if you plan to do much work. Complimentary snacks/drinks were a nice touch. Breakfast selection was very good. Overall a fine hotel. Our first stay at the Andaz Liverpool Street and hope it won't be our last. Peaceful hotel in a very convenient location, just a few steps from the station. Friendly & helpful staff. Extremely clean, quiet and elegant room. Breakfast was lovely although the cofee took a while to arrive. Highly recommend. The Andaz, Hyatt's upscale boutique chain, is located a stone's throw from Liverpool Station in London. A perfect location for business. The Lobby is quite stylish with an atypical, personalized check-in experience. The Suites are large, seriously large, and each one is a unique. The suites are filled with nibbles, candy, salty snacks and beverages and all are complimentary. Off the lobby is a great English Pub, the George. There is the stylish 1901 Restaurant and Wine Bar, Miyako Japanese Restaurant, Eastway Brasserie, and Catch Champagne Bar and Lounge. 24 hour Heath Spa. If you're doing business in the City, by all means choose the Andaz. stayed int his hotel for a little holiday break. we were greeted very well, hotel was clean with lots of little bottles shower gel, shampoo, moisturiser etc.... View want great however if your on buisness trip i reckon it would be perfect, wifi is exellent. breakfast in the morning at 9010 was excellent we thourougly enjoyed it. the hotel has its quirks, the way we were greeted wasn't how youd tipically expect as there is no reception desk however that made it very friendly. staff were very polite and very helpful! i would recommend this hotel to anyone on a buisness trip not necesarily for a romantic weekend though! Finally a Hyatt hotel in central London at a sensible price. After getting a very good rate via the Hyatt website, and an upgrade to a small suite due to my Diamond status, I highly recommend Andaz to business travellers looking for something different when visiting central London. The all inclusive soft drinks and snacks are a lovely touch. The bed is very comfortable. The bathroom is of a good size, which is very rare for central London hotels. The George is a great after work pub and as its part of the hotel, drinks can be signed to the room. Overall, very happy, and I will be back!! Enjoyed a very pleasant few days at this hotel, located in very trendy East London, with an easy walk to all the hot restaurants and bars in Shoreditch. A historic property that's been masterfully updated with a very modern style. Excellent bathrooms for a London hotel with proper temperature and pressure. And for an August visit, American-quality air conditioning! We also greatly enjoyed the Eastway and 1901 on-site restaurants. We were on a low floor so no real view to speak of, but that didn't matter so much in a densely-packed urban area. Boyfriend and I stayed here on our first trip to London in October 2015. Pros: - GREAT location. We were debating between the Andaz Liverpool and the Hyatt Churchill and I have to say I'm glad we chose this location. It is basically on top of Liverpool station which meant we could get wherever we needed to easily. It's walking distance to Brick Lane and Shoreditch for phenomenal food. It's also walking distance to the Tower of London and Borough Market on the other side of the Thames. We are big walkers so it was great to be able to use this place as a jumping off point. - Comfortable rooms with complementary mini bar - Complementary snacks/drinks in the lobby, including alcohol in the evening Cons: - View was not great, though this obviously isn't a deal breaker - Dining at the hotel itself is PRICEY. We were misinformed at check-in as to whether we got free breakfast (we are Platinum Gold Passport members, but not Diamond) and we ended up being charged almost 40 pounds a person for breakfast! We are able to get it taken off the bill at checkout, thankfully. - This is entirely a taste thing, but the hotel felt very much like a "scene" - very trendy. I think this is probably the Andaz brand (we'd never stayed at one before). Overall a great time staying here, and a wonderful jumping off point for those new to London. It's not maybe a cheap hotel, but it's very good located and the customer service is on the highest level I ever experienced. The Breakfast is just perfect! You should avoid their scrambled eggs if you are allergic to nuts. A beautiful hotel located in the business district of London. Don't let this put you off if you are in London for leisure as the hotel is located next to Liverpool station and this provides easy access to all London has to offers. The service at this hotel is the best I have ever experienced in any 5 star hotel. All departments provided service second to none. Then breakfast buffet was superb with a wonderful variety and staff who are very attentive. We had room service a couple of nights and this was good too and arrived in a timely manner. We really enjoyed our stay here and will return when next in London. Loved the complimentary snacks and soft drinks in the mini bar and at the coffee 'corner' on the ground floor. I worked on the other side of Liverpool station. The rooms were impeccable and comfortable with a great working space for us business travelers. The gym was clean and nice and the staff were courteous. We stayed for two nights and were lucky enough to get an upgrade on check in to a Deluxe King room. This was facing out onto Bishopsgate which was a bit noisy on the Friday night with revellers from the City but quieter on Saturday night. The hotel did offer ear plugs if required. The reception and check in process was all very relaxed and enjoyed a nice Nespresso coffee and biscuit while waiting for my wife to arrive. Room was spacious and comfortable and bed was huge and comfortable. Breakfast buffet offered a fantastic selection and if you wanted anything else such as porridge or omelettes they was no problem although it wasn't clear you could order them unless you asked. Hotel is ideally placed for the tube, 2mins walk, because it is a main line station offers lots of options to get pretty much anywhere in London without many changes. Overall we had a lovely time and would certainly consider it for our next trip to the smoke. From the moment we were dropped off outside by our taxi to the moment we left we found this experience absolutely superb. Very welcoming staff, very friendly. The hotel offered free soft drinks both in the reception area and the room. The rooms were clean and had everything on hand that you would need. The hotel, previously the Great Eastern Hotel was full of character mixing old features with new modern features. We will certainly stay at this hotel again, maybe for longer next time as it is ideally positioned next to Liverpool St Station making the West End, the City easily accessible. The area is very vibrant with lots of excellent bars and restaurants locally. Perfect! My wife and I stayed at the Andaz last Saturday for a birthday night away having passed it a 100 times on the way to Liverpool Street station. The price through booking.com was very competitive which oddly gave be a sense of foreboding. In fact I was very impressed, the staff were extremely welcoming with a sense of humour, there was free tea, coffee, juice and cookies in reception plus a glass of wine at 6pm and the public spaces are modern and grand. The standard room is not huge but well furnished and with a free mini bar (soft drinks only). The location, particularly on a Sunday with Spitalfields and Brick Lane Markets is fantastic. A proper bargain as it turns out. Beautiful hotel, excellent location, incredible service. I was very impressed with this hotel during my recent stay and will definitely go back when business takes me to London. The room was lovely, in a quirky building. The staff went out of their way to do everything they could to make me comfortable. My partner and I stayed here while traveling the museums and musicals around London. We enjoyed every second we spent here; the staff are knowledgable, friendly and professional. While experiencing a credit card disaster they were very helpful in resolving the issue. Housekeeping were amazingly attentive and took every opportunity to clean the room; even if we just ducked out for brunch! The room was compact but exceedingly well equipped. Beautiful marble bathroom with a full size bath. The only downside was a lack of views or scenery. We also used this as our base camp for a day trip to Cambridge and the proximity to Liverpool street station was a massive boon (we did not notice any noise from trains). Can't wait to stay here again! Would highly recommend the bunch at Eastway restaurant just down stairs! This hotel can't be beat for it's convenient location and excellent service. Complimentary mini bar and snacks. Its next door to a tube station with convenient access to Paddington and the Heathrow Express Business or pleasure trip you should definitely consider it. Recently had an overnight stay at the Andaz, Liverpool Street. Beautiful hotel and immaculate throughout. Room had all the facilities needed 